docs: add 'going further' section for custom routing (#19565)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.pages.md

Reviewer: I think it would probably make sense to link to the going further page from this page.

Author: Just added it :) hope there is no english mistakes 🙈

## Usage

> Pages are Vue components and can have the `.vue`, `.js`, `.jsx`, `.ts` or `.tsx` extension.
> Nuxt will create a route for all files ending with one of the `extensions` configured in `nuxt.config`. (By default these are `.js`, `.jsx`, `.mjs`, `.ts`, `.tsx` and `.vue`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pages are Vue components and can have any [valid extension](https://nuxt.com/docs/api/configuration/nuxt-config#extensions) that Nuxt supports (by default `.vue`, `.js`, `.jsx`, `.mjs`, `.ts` or `.tsx`). Nuxt will automatically create a route for every page in your `~/pages/` directory.
```

}
</script>
```

## Custom routing

> As your app get bigger, the complexity of your routing might require more flexibility.
> Nuxt can directly expose the router and provides several ways to extend it see the [Custom router](/docs/2.guide/3.going-further/12.custom-router.md) guide for more informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your app gets bigger and more complex, your routing might require more flexibility. For this reason, Nuxt directly exposes the router, routes and router options for customization in different ways.

:ReadMore{link="/docs/guide/going-further/custom-router"}
```
